There are 5 <head> elements and 2 <body> elements in a page. The <head> is the information about the site, and the <body> is the content displayed on the site.

Structural markup is the structure of the document, such as where there are paragraphs, breaks or lists. Semantic markup is the meaning of information such as bold or underlined text, definitions, or citations.
My work cycle

I found a recipe where I could not just copy and paste everything exactly as it's found from where it originated. This recipe was supposed to be a 3-step dessert, but when doing the directions I added a few details I feel would be useful in the instructions like "slicing the strawberries" and  "repeat on second layer". I decided to challenge myself and make a table, this took the longest to figure out how to code. I couldn't figure out everything involved in a table but was proud of my very basic one. In most recipes they have at the top the number of ingredients, how long the total time is to make the dish, and the oven temp at the top of the recipe. I did not see this on the recipe so I decided to add it onto my website page. For my semantic markups, I chose to bold my name in the contact section, and use abbreviations for the min,, oz., and tbsp. used in the recipe. I could not figure out exactly how to make this work, even when I copied directly from our web-dev website example. I then chose to add in horizontal rules above and below the main part of the page in order to group the sections. I added the picture at the top, linked the original recipe at the bottom of the main section, and linked my university email at the bottom of my contact section. I added color to the gradient background to also challenge myself, I made it orange-pink to go with the summer strawberry vibe I get from the dessert.
